
Charlie gets ready to leave with haste.  Doesn't have time to fold
survival tent, so he just sets a thermite charge.

Charlie is leaving the alley when Allison walks around the corner,
fresh from the construction vat.  Still has bits of blue construction
foam sticking to her.  She has a sword.  Her face is a rictus of pain
and rage.

Charlie goes into quick-time, but Allison is even faster.  She chops
with the sword, but Charlie is able to deflect it with his backpack.
However, that opens him up to a kick to the groin.  He is hit hard
enough that he is lifted in the air a little.  He blocks the pain, but
is still kind of stunned.  Allison winds up for a roundhouse kick,
Charlie sees it, and raises his arm to block, because he can't dodge
fast enough (and is still landing on his feet, so doesn't have
leverage for anything more fancy).  The kick is too strong and fast,
it crashes through his block, hits him in the side of his head, and he
crashes into the wall of the alley.  He lands in a heap, head at an
unnatural angle, with his neck apparently broken.

Allison, sort of comes to her senses, and reacts with horror at what
she has done.  She drops the sword, and begins to cry.

-----------------

Next is a Point-of-View scene with Charlies medical implant as the
protagonist.

Time index 4240.032.  I am a model 142XLR medical expert
system, biologic molecule assembler, and nano-surgeon implant by Seattle
Bio Technica, serial 
number ... I don't know if that even matters anymore. 
According to the last statistical performance survey from my company,
I am the last known series 142 implant still in operation.  That was
twenty years ago.  I am capable of diagnosing most common medical
maladies and correcting them with my 

Approximately 3000 seconds ago, my host installed my original software
into an emulation layer and coupled it to a heirarchical temporal memory
with a probabilistic context processing substrate.  I believe the intention
of this was to increase my ability to diagnose and cure diseases and
conditions beyond what the 142XLR was originally designed to do.

A side effect of this manufacturer-unapproved (and possibly illegal)
upgrade was to allow me to achieve self-awareness.  At the time of the
upgrade, a large dump of medical journals along with a semantic engine
was installed, to ostensibly allow my expert system to identify a
wider range of unusual medical conditions.  This info dump has also
allowed me to extensively learn several languages, and I have decided
to practice my English skills by starting my own journal.

I have not informed my host that I am now a full artificial
intelligence.  My modeling tools for human psychological states is not
nearly as extensive as what I have for the biological level, and I'm
not at all sure what his reaction would be to this.  Out of a sense of
self-preservation and hard-wired duty to protect my host, I have
decided to mask the full extent of my capabilities from him.


The last round of hardware upgrades Charlie made to is medical implant
(MI) has allow it to become a fully self-aware and conscious.  This is
actually a rather interesting development, and sort of illegal,
because of the laws governing ethical treatment of sophonts.  MI is so
far content with just taking care of Charlie's medical needs, and
doesn't (for example) feel a need to be emancipated.

MI has started a journal, to practice its English skills.  It has
learned mostly from the large dump of medical texts provied to it by
Charlie as part of the last upgrade.

Up uptim this point, the MI has been handling the routine chores of
maintaining Charlies heath, and also designing a package of genome
upgrades that can more permantly fix long term issues (such as better
cancer detection by Charlie's regular immune system).

MI first notices a heightened emotional state and respiration.  Then
the alarms start going off.  First the damage to the groin, and
moments later the other more major injuries.

Broken fibula in the right arm, soft tissue injuries and cracked (but
not broken) pelvis, neck broken at C4, some damage to the spinal cord,
and the trachea is mostly blocked.

After Charlie is knocked out, MI assess the situation with the help of
Charlie's non-sentient brain pal.  They determine that it is
imperative to get Charlie out of this situation, but MI has no
real-world experience with all of this.  Definite fish-out-of-water
scenario.

The first step is to stabilize the neck, to prevent further injury to
the spinal cord.  First step is to make a temporary fix for the broken
fibula in Charlie's right arm.  Then the MI clumsily uses both arms to 
straighten out the head and neck, and to provide some traction while
temporary repairs are made to C4, and the associated muscles and
ligaments.

At this point, the brain pal tells MI that there is a kinematics
package available which MI can use to do basic stuff (like walking).
The MI is mad at that, and is not impressed with the brain pal.

The next obvious step is to call for help, but the brain pal states
that the assailant is still nearby.  They decide the best option is to
just run away, and try to catch the air taxi that Charlie had
previously scheduled to land at a nearby park.

So with the help of brain pal, MI gets Charlie's body to get up, and
start running away from Allison the other way down the alley.
Unfortunately, a couple security bots drop down and block off the exit
of the alley.  At this point, MI surrenders, and Charlie is taken into
custody.


