
Slush Pile
==========

Sometimes it is better to just write it all out, and edit and organize
it later.  Don't expect any of this to be terribly coherent.

Nightclub p2
-------------

We moved to one of the lounge areas above the main floor.  There were
a few black couches and a large coffee table in the middle.  One of
the other lounge areas on the other side of the main floor had a few
people in it, but over all this was a relatively secluded spot.


C: "So why not build an actual orbital?"

A: "The costs are just too high."

C: "This is ironic considering we're supposed to be living in a
post-scarcity society."

A: "You know what I mean.  An actual orbital is huge, still kind of
beyond our current capabilities.  It will require a massive amount of
energy."

A: "And there's no way the Machines will sign off of using that much
mass on a dumb matter structure, especially not one of that size."

Compression
-----------

C: "What about that 'compression' technology you said Chairman Zhang
was presenting?"

A: "It is kind of like a new form of upload, designed to address the
concerns some people have about the current process.  Instead of just
freezing your brain and doing a destructive read of your neuronal
structures, it starts out with gene therapy.  There are bunch of steps
in the process, but it starts out with allowing neurons to signal each
other without the use of neurotransmitters, though neurotransmitter
levels will still influence functioning as normal.  Your biology is
shifted away from protein and DNA based to conventional architecture,
but one that is still compatible with the unconverted neurons.  After
the last biological elements have been subsumed, the entire brain can
be physically shrunk, leaving only the transport channels for energy
and repair nanobots."

"So there is no loss of consciousness, and (allegedly) no possible
loss of 'self'.  You are just 'you' the entire time."

C: (speechless, then finally) "Wow, that's amazing."

A: (dismissive) "The Machines don't see the point of it all.  Sure,
you're now running efficently on modern hardware, but then what?  If
you want to go anywhere, you're sending a copy (possibly the exclusive
copy) off somewhere.  And then you'll be running non-continuously on
different hardware.  So you might as well just stay as software from
the start."


Sudden Interest
---------------


